fix dev guide dialog info (#14822)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-ruby-mysql2.md

    cp .env.example .env
    ```

> 6. Edit the `.env` file, set up the environment variables as follows, and replace the corresponding placeholders `<>` with connection parameters:

Reviewer: 这里是 TiDB Serverless 集群，应该不用改，就是参考 connection 对话框里的参数

    cp .env.example .env
    ```

> 5. Edit the `.env` file, set up the environment variables as follows, and replace the corresponding placeholders `<>` with connection parameters:

Reviewer: 这里是 TiDB Dedicated 集群，应该不用改，就是参考 connection 对话框里的参数

    cp .env.example .env
    ```

> 2. Edit the `.env` file, set up the environment variables as follows, and replace the corresponding placeholders `<>` with connection parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the `.env` file, set up the environment variables as follows, and replace the corresponding placeholders `<>` with with your own TiDB connection information:
```
